Welcome to our program!
To begin, we have a few updates
about our brothers and sisters in Eritrea.
As you’ll recall,
in September 2024,
the authorities imprisoned
23 brothers and sisters
who were peacefully meeting together.
We’re very pleased to inform you
that on December 7, 2024,
Sister Saron Ghebru,
who was eight months pregnant at the time,
was released from prison.
We rejoice over this positive development.
However, her husband,
Brother Fitsum Goitom,
remains in prison for his faith.
Sadly, Eritrean authorities
have recently imprisoned five more
of our brothers and sisters.
On November 1, 2024,
national security officials
arrested four Witnesses,
aged 16 to 18:
Brothers Zesani Biniam
and Ebenezer Yonas
and Sisters Sidon Tekeste
and Horeb Tekeste.
The young brothers and sisters
were interrogated
and immediately taken
to the Mai Serwa Prison.
On November 22, 2024,
Sister Almaz Gebrehiwot
received a telephone call stating
that officials had taken
her daughter to the police station.
When Sister Almaz went to the station,
the officials detained her
but released her daughter.
As of December 23, 2024,
there are now 68 brothers
and sisters in Eritrea
who are imprisoned for their faith.
Please continue to pray
for these dear brothers and sisters
as well as for all of those
who are imprisoned for their faith.
As reported on jw.org,
on November 6, 2024,
the Town of Ramapo Planning Board
gave approval for the Ramapo site plan.
This means that major construction activities
may now begin.
We’re grateful to the town board
for this approval.
But above all, we thank Jehovah!
What work has been accomplished
on the Ramapo project?
And what’s on the horizon?
We’re sure you’ll enjoy the following report.
We are thrilled that final permission
for the Ramapo project
has been approved
by the town planning board.
This is what the site looks like now.
A tremendous amount of preparation work
has already been done,
including much of the design work.
The site has been cleared
and temporary construction-support facilities
have been installed.
But with this approval,
we can now start
the construction work itself.
Over the next weeks and months,
contractors will begin rock blasting
to level the land
where the buildings will be.
Because of the size of the area
that will be developed
and the landscape,
this activity will take
approximately 18 months to complete.
As a comparison,
the rock blasting on the Warwick project
took less than six months.
The rock will then be crushed
and used to level out other parts of the site
and for large retaining walls
—all of which will result in cost savings.
Over the next 12 to 18 months,
volunteers will start installing
the underground utilities,
the two entrances
to the property will be complete,
and the first building foundations
will also be laid.
This will quickly lead
to structures coming out of the ground,
such as the parking garage
and the residence buildings.
We are greatly enjoying
Jehovah’s rich blessing
on this exciting
world headquarters project.
We pray for Jehovah’s continued guidance
and blessing on the Ramapo project.
We’re grateful to all of you
dear brothers and sisters
who support the Kingdom work worldwide.
You show the spirit
of those mentioned at Psalm 110:3:
“Your people will offer themselves willingly
“on the day of your military force.
“In splendid holiness,
“from the womb of the dawn,
you have your company
of young men just like dewdrops.”
While many assignments
are in the background,
some assignments are more visible to others
—for example, various brothers and sisters
who appear in photos in our publications
or who are used in our videos.
In recent years, our organization
has produced hundreds of videos,
including full-length dramas.
At our conventions this year,
no doubt you appreciated
viewing the first episode
of The Good News According to Jesus.
We look forward to all 18 episodes.
We deeply appreciate the time and hard work
that various brothers and sisters contribute
to make these projects come to life.
Many from around the world
have appeared in our videos.
In some cases,
a brother or sister has been interviewed
or has told an experience
from their own life.
In other cases, they may have portrayed
a Bible character
or even a modern-day character.
It could be that you know someone
in your local area who’s had this privilege.
But here’s an important question:
How should we view
those who appear in our videos?
Those who appear in theocratic videos
are dedicated, humble servants of Jehovah.
They don’t seek fame or glory for themselves.
Quite the opposite.
They want the glory to go to Jehovah!
Thankfully, the majority of our brotherhood
maintains this proper perspective.
Nevertheless, there’s a caution
for us as viewers:
We must avoid transferring our admiration
for the Biblical characters
to the brothers and sisters
who portray them on-screen.
Instead, we imitate the faith
of the men and women
recorded in God’s Word.
How could it affect a video participant
if we gave him undue attention,
treating him like a celebrity?
He could feel embarrassed or self-conscious.
This could happen if we ask these ones
if we could take a photo with them.
It would be even worse
if we posted it on social media,
perhaps even adding comments.
At Jude 16, the Bible condemns
those who were “flattering others
for their own benefit.”
The footnote on that verse
describes this as “admiring personalities.”
Some of our video participants
have become overwhelmed
by the inordinate attention.
Some no longer feel comfortable attending
large gatherings of Jehovah’s people.
It’s vital to have the right perspective
of those who appear in our videos.
Can you think of a Bible example
of someone who was given
inappropriate attention
as he carried out his assignment?
Perhaps you think of Paul and Barnabas.
Acts chapter 14 reports
that they became the center of attention
after Paul cured a man
who had been lame from birth.
This was a faith-strengthening miracle
intended to move people
to praise and glorify Jehovah and his Son.
But what happened?
Onlookers missed the point.
They became enthralled
with Paul and Barnabas instead.
Acts 14:11, 12 says:
“When the crowds saw what Paul had done,
“they cried out in the Lycaonian language:
“‘The gods have become like humans
and have come down to us!’
“And they started calling Barnabas Zeus,
but Paul Hermes, since he was
taking the lead in speaking.”
What was the issue?
Instead of appreciating Jehovah’s miracle,
they became enamored
by the visible participants.
Did Paul and Barnabas
appreciate the attention?
Let’s read verses 14 and 15:
“However, when the apostles
Barnabas and Paul heard of it,
“they ripped their garments
and leaped out into the crowd and cried out:
“‘Men, why are you doing these things?
“‘We too are humans
having the same infirmities as you have.
“‘And we are declaring the good news to you,
“‘for you to turn from these vain things
to the living God,
“‘who made the heaven and the earth
and the sea and all the things in them.’”
Paul and Barnabas
were quick to set the record straight.
They readily admitted they were just humans.
They explained that their purpose
was to declare the good news
about “the living God.”
The same was true of Jesus.
He wanted people to glorify God.
However, on one occasion,
the crowd became so impressed
by Jesus himself
that they failed to grasp
the meaning of his teaching.
John 6:14, 15 reports:
“When the people saw the sign he performed,
“they began to say:
“‘This really is
the Prophet who was to come into the world.’
“Then Jesus, knowing
that they were about to come
“and seize him to make him king,
withdrew again to the mountain all alone.”
Jesus did not want the prominence.
He literally walked away from them
and “withdrew . . .
to the mountain all alone.”
How do these Bible examples
help us to have the right view
of those who appear in our videos?
The brothers and sisters
who appear in our videos
are humbly carrying out an assignment
from the organization.
Like Paul, Barnabas, and Jesus,
they want the attention and glory
to go to Jehovah.
Of course, some brothers and sisters
are assigned to portray servants of Jehovah.
But others are assigned
to portray enemies of Jehovah.
Can you imagine how difficult it would be
for a faithful brother or sister
to portray an enemy of Jehovah?
We would not want to make that assignment
even more difficult
by developing negative feelings
toward the individuals who play such roles.
Clearly, balance is needed
in how we treat those
who play roles in our videos.
May we continue to preserve
the peace and unity
of our worldwide brotherhood
by giving Jehovah the glory
and not the brothers and sisters
who appear in our videos.
So, what have we discussed
in our update?
We rejoice that Sister Saron Ghebru
was released from prison in Eritrea.
But we continue to pray
for the over 235 brothers and sisters
around the world
who are imprisoned for their faith.
We’re excited about the recent approval
from the Ramapo Town Board,
which will allow major construction
to begin on the Ramapo project.
We also considered the importance
of maintaining a balanced view
of those who appear in our videos.
Please know
that we love you all very much.
From the World Headquarters
of Jehovah’s Witnesses,
this is JW Broadcasting®.